---
title: testing5
date: 2019-09-12T21:56:47.570Z
cover: /src/pages/images/20170103_192829.jpg
gallery:
  - image: /src/pages/images/20161129_191639.jpg
  - image: /src/pages/images/20170103_194023.jpg
  - image: /src/pages/images/20161115_184135.jpg
---
I want to come with you to Alderaan. There's nothing for me here now. I want to learn the ways of the Force and be a Jedi, like my father before me.
Hey, Luke! May the Force be with you. I call it luck. Don't act so surprised, Your Highness. You weren't on any mercy mission this time. Several transmissions were beamed to this ship by Rebel spies. I want to know what happened to the plans they sent you.

I call it luck. As you wish. I'm trying not to, kid. I can't get involved! I've got work to do! It's not that I like the Empire, I hate it, but there's nothing I can do about it right now. It's such a long way from here.

What good is a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like…suicide.
All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that's what you're best at, ain't it? Red Five standing by. You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away! Don't underestimate the Force.

He is here.
Don't underestimate the Force.
Oh God, my uncle. How am I ever gonna explain this?
Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan. I've got to go home. It's late, I'm in for it as it is.
Oh God, my uncle. How am I ever gonna explain this? Oh God, my uncle. How am I ever gonna explain this? Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid. Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them.

Don't underestimate the Force.
Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with him.
You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away!
What good is a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like…suicide. Hey, Luke! May the Force be with you. What?! But with the blast shield down, I can't even see! How am I supposed to fight?

Escape is not his plan. I must face him, alone. Look, I can take you as far as Anchorhead. You can get a transport there to Mos Eisley or wherever you're going. Partially, but it also obeys your commands.

He is here. The plans you refer to will soon be back in our hands. All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that's what you're best at, ain't it? A tremor in the Force. The last time I felt it was in the presence of my old master.

Kid, I've flown from one side of this galaxy to the other. I've seen a lot of strange stuff, but I've never seen anything to make me believe there's one all-powerful Force controlling everything. There's no mystical energy field that controls my destiny. It's all a lot of simple tricks and nonsense. What good is a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like…suicide.

I find your lack of faith disturbing. Don't act so surprised, Your Highness. You weren't on any mercy mission this time. Several transmissions were beamed to this ship by Rebel spies. I want to know what happened to the plans they sent you.

I want to come with you to Alderaan. There's nothing for me here now. I want to learn the ways of the Force and be a Jedi, like my father before me. You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away!

What?! I don't know what you're talking about. I am a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan-- What?! Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force flowing through him.

I don't know what you're talking about. I am a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan-- The Force is strong with this one. I have you now. Don't underestimate the Force. You don't believe in the Force, do you?

I want to come with you to Alderaan. There's nothing for me here now. I want to learn the ways of the Force and be a Jedi, like my father before me. I need your help, Luke. She needs your help. I'm getting too old for this sort of thing.

I care. So, what do you think of her, Han? What?! Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan. I've got to go home. It's late, I'm in for it as it is. All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that's what you're best at, ain't it?

The Force is strong with this one. I have you now. Leave that to me. Send a distress signal, and inform the Senate that all on board were killed. What!? I have traced the Rebel spies to her. Now she is my only link to finding their secret base.